docs: adding more information about the 404 (#15409)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/404/index.md

  - Infrastructure
  - Navigation
---

> A 404 is a Standard Response Code meaning that the {{Glossary("Server", "server")}} cannot find the requested resource.

Reviewer: I like your expanded definition. I suggest making it 2 paragraphs. The removed text is a good, quick synopsis, so recommend leaving that in and adding your paragraph below.

> The 404 or 4:04 error is an HTTP response code that indicates that the client was able to communicate with the [server](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Server), but the server could not find what was requested, or was configured to not fulfill the request and not reveal the reason, the page no longer exists or the URL was entered incorrectly. They are not to be confused with other errors where a connection to the target server could not be made.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The 404 HTTP response status code indicates that the client was able to communicate with the {{Glossary("Server", "server")}}, but the server could either not find what was requested or was configured to not fulfill the request and not reveal the reason. Therefore, this status code will be generated when a page no longer exists or when a URL has been entered incorrectly. This status code should not be confused with other errors where a connection to the target server could not be made.
```
